Fix double-width characters only highlighting halfway (#2371)
jwilm/alacritty: CHANGELOG.md

> 

Reviewer: Not sure where this came from, but it was probably unintentional?

Author: Yeah, no idea

### Fixed

> - URLs with double-width characters not correctly highlighting

Reviewer: The word `correctly` is often a bit difficult in a change log since people might not know what `correct` means.

Being more concrete should help here, so this might be better:

```suggestion
- URLs ending in double-width characters not highlighting the last cell
```

Author: OK, that's a good point, although all double-width characters in URLs are affected, not just ones at the end

### Fixed

> - Double-width characters in URLS only being highlit on the left half

Reviewer: I completely forgot that this is not only the case at the end of URLs, but everywhere. Thanks for catching that and going the correct route.

This sounds good to me now, though maybe styling URLS as URLs is a little more in line with the other occurrences in the change log. But this is such a minor thing that I don't really care *that* much either way.

Author: Yeah, 's' is plural, not part of the acronym :smile:
